Make Decidim fully configurable via ENV vars (#8725)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/configure/pages/environment_variables.adoc

|ETHERPAD_API_VERSION
|Etherpad API version, this is unlikely to be needed to be changed. See xref:services:etherpad.adoc[Etherpad].
|1.2.1
|No

|OMNIAUTH_FACEBOOK_APP_ID
|App ID for enabling access through Facebook.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers]. Note that defining this variable automatically renders the "login with" button.
|
|*Yes*

|OMNIAUTH_FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET
|App Secret for enabling access through Facebook.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers].
|
|*Yes*

|OMNIAUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID
|Client ID for enabling access through Google.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers].
|
|*Yes*

|OMNIAUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET
|Client Secret for enabling access through Google.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers].
|
|*Yes*

|OMNIAUTH_TWITTER_API_KEY
|API Key for enabling access through Twitter.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers].
|
|*Yes*

|OMNIAUTH_TWITTER_API_SECRET
|API Secret for enabling access through Twitter.com accounts. See xref:services:social_providers.adoc[Social Providers].
|
|*Yes*

|BULLETIN_BOARD_SERVER

> |The full URL to identify a https://github.com/decidim/decidim-bulletin-board[Bulletin Board Server]. *It must point to the Graphql API* (ie: https://bulletinexample.com/api) See xref:services:elections_bulletin_board.adoc[Elections Bulletin Board].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The full URL to identify a https://github.com/decidim/decidim-bulletin-board[Bulletin Board Server]. *It must point to the Graphql API* (ie: https://bulletinboard.example.org/api) See xref:services:elections_bulletin_board.adoc[Elections Bulletin Board].
```
